---
layout: post
title: "Voodoo Authentica"
categories: clues
images: [voodoo1.jpg, voodoo5.jpg, voodoo2.jpg, voodoo3.jpg, voodoo4.jpg]
latlong: [29.959199, -90.062872]
---

Melissa needs to find out where the voodoo doll came from. It has a note about its creation and says it was ogirinally blessed by "Voodoo Authentica", an old voodoo shop in the French Quarter. Aided by a GPS locator that tells her how many meters away from her location she is, she finds her way there. 

Once there, the next clue tells her that someone should be expecting her. When asking if there's someone waiting to talk to "Melissa", she is sent to a room where a tarot card reading is arranged. After giving her a fairly accurate reading, the medium gives her the next clue, "FELIX"

<!--excerpt-->

## Ju Ju Bees

### Clue Text
>Now that you’ve got some food in you, you should have enough fuel to get through the next couple clues. Someone must have planted the doll there for you to find. Maybe if we find the people that made the doll, they can help us find him.

### Answer
Follow the location tracker

### Response
>This must be the place!

## Paranormal Investigation

### Clue Text
>I’m sure that if we ask around here, they can point us to someone with some information on who planted the doll. I’m sure they’ll be expecting you so let them know Melissa is here and they’ll probably be right with you.  After you're done talking to them, ask who made the appointment for you to be there. Also, make sure you get a picture with them in order to keep track of our leads.

### Answer
FELIX

### Response
>Great work! Now to find Felix!